README.md, before:

## John Carlo M. Ramos 
- N00172468
- DL836
- Year 4
- Creative Coding Module

---

### Ex. 1 - Playing with Shapes and Patterns
- A pattern of lines isolated within a circular perimeter.
- Practicing the use of `TWO_PI` - based on P5.js docs.

### Ex. 2 - Trigonometry
- Practicing the use of Inverse Tan (i.e. Tan-^1)
- P5.js version = atan()

### Ex. 2.5 - Trigonometry Continued
- Continuing on from Ex. 2, but instead of all squares rotating in the same direction, each squares rotates individually depending on where the mouse cursor is. 

### Ex. 2.75 - Trigonometry Advanced
- Using Ex. 2.5, each circles has smaller circles in them to display the `atan2()` function.
- Calculating the scale value is also demonstrated within this exercise. 

### Ex. 3 - Controlled-Randomised Pattern
- A pattern of controlled-randomised objects demonstrating ordered-random.
- Includes a bespoke animation loop that displays a "pulsating" colour effect.
- Courtesy to Eoan O Dea for helping out with the "pulsating" colour animation loop.  

---
### Message from Lecturer:
---
Hi Class,

Here you will find the template repository required for your creative coding module

The clone link you need for this is the following

```
https://github.com/montaynej/Creative-Coding-Template.git
```

Commit message:

Experiemented with Various Patterns:
- A messy +12hrs of experimenting with several patterns.
- Stuck with basic squares and circles then created an Andy Warhol
inspired-design.
- In combination with the animated colour loop, I also animated the
inner circle to make the project stand out even more.
- No interactions yet. Work in progress. May leave interactions out to
keep it simple.

README.md, after:

## John Carlo M. Ramos 
- N00172468
- DL836
- Year 4
- Creative Coding Module

---

### Ex. 1 - Playing with Shapes and Patterns
- A pattern of lines isolated within a circular perimeter.
- Practicing the use of `TWO_PI` - based on P5.js docs.

### Ex. 2 - Trigonometry
- Practicing the use of Inverse Tan (i.e. Tan-^1)
- P5.js version = atan()

### Ex. 2.5 - Trigonometry Continued
- Continuing on from Ex. 2, but instead of all squares rotating in the same direction, each squares rotates individually depending on where the mouse cursor is. 

### Ex. 2.75 - Trigonometry Advanced
- Using Ex. 2.5, each circles has smaller circles in them to display the `atan2()` function.
- Calculating the scale value is also demonstrated within this exercise. 

### Ex. 3 - Controlled-Randomised Pattern
- A pattern of controlled-randomised objects demonstrating ordered-random.
- Includes a bespoke animation loop that displays a "pulsating" colour effect.
- Courtesy to Eoan O Dea for helping out with the "pulsating" colour animation loop.  

### Ex. 3.5 - Controlled-Randomised Pattern - Part 2
- A continuation of Ex. 3 but with a different pattern.

---
### Message from Lecturer:
---
Hi Class,

Here you will find the template repository required for your creative coding module

The clone link you need for this is the following

```
https://github.com/montaynej/Creative-Coding-Template.git
```
